Field Group needs to be defined. It's used with the CaptionML property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Field Group and its structure.

Page Label needs to be defined. It's used with the CaptionML property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Page Label and its structure.

Page Group needs to be defined. It's used with the CaptionML property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Page Group and its structure.

Page Part needs to be defined. It's used with the CaptionML property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Page Part and its structure.

Page System Part needs to be defined. It's used with the CaptionML property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Page System Part and its structure.

Page Action needs to be defined. It's used with the CaptionML property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Page Action and its structure.

Page Action Separator needs to be defined. It's used with the CaptionML property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Page Action Separator and its structure.

Page Action Group needs to be defined. It's used with the CaptionML property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Page Action Group and its structure.

Query Column needs to be defined. It's used with the CaptionML property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Query Column and its structure.

Query Filter needs to be defined. It's used with the CaptionML property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Query Filter and its structure.

Report Column needs to be defined. It's used with the CaptionML property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Report Column and its structure.

Enum Value needs to be defined. It's used with the CaptionML property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Enum Value and its structure.

Page Custom Action needs to be defined. It's used with the CaptionML property and the FlowTemplateCategoryName property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Page Custom Action and its structure.

Page Group needs to be defined. It's used with the FreezeColumn property and the GridLayout property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Page Group and its structure.

Page System Action needs to be defined. It's used with the CaptionML property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Page System Action and its structure.

Page File Upload Action needs to be defined. It's used with the CaptionML property and the Gesture property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Page File Upload Action and its structure.

Page View needs to be defined. It's used with the CaptionML property and the Filters property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Page View and its structure.

Report Layout needs to be defined. It's used with the CaptionML property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Report Layout and its structure.

Profile needs to be defined. It's used with the CaptionML property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Profile and its structure.

Enum Type needs to be defined. It's used with the CaptionML property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Enum Type and its structure.

Permission Set needs to be defined. It's used with the CaptionML property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Permission Set and its structure.

Table Key needs to be defined. It's used with the Enabled property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Table Key and its structure.

Permission Set needs to be defined. It's used with the ExcludedPermissionSets property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Permission Set and its structure.

Page Group needs to be defined. It's used with the FileUploadRowAction property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Page Group and its structure.

Page Custom Action needs to be defined. It's used with the FlowCaption property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Page Custom Action and its structure.

Page Action needs to be defined. It's used with the Gesture property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Page Action and its structure.

Request Page needs to be defined. It's used with the HelpLink property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Request Page and its structure.

Control Add In needs to be defined. It's used with the HorizontalShrink property and the Images property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Control Add In and its structure.

Enum Value needs to be defined. It's used with the Implementation property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Enum Value and its structure.

Page Label needs to be defined. It's used with the Importance property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Page Label and its structure.

Page Field needs to be defined. It's used with the Importance property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Page Field and its structure.

Page Group needs to be defined. It's used with the IndentationColumn property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Page Group and its structure.

Dot Net Type Declaration needs to be defined. It's used with the IsControlAddIn property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Dot Net Type Declaration and its structure.

Page Action Separator needs to be defined. It's used with the IsHeader property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Page Action Separator and its structure.

XMLport Table Element needs to be defined. It's used with the LinkTable property and the LinkTableForceInsert property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the XMLport Table Element and its structure.

Page Field needs to be defined. It's used with the Lookup property and the LookupPageId property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Page Field and its structure.

Table needs to be defined. It's used with the LookupPageId property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Table and its structure.

Report Data Item needs to be defined. It's used with the MaxIteration property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the Report Data Item and its structure.

XMLport Text Element needs to be defined. It's used with the MaxOccurs property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the XMLport Text Element and its structure.

XMLport Table Element needs to be defined. It's used with the MaxOccurs property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the XMLport Table Element and its structure.

XMLport Field Element needs to be defined. It's used with the MaxOccurs property. We should add rules in the grammar.js file to define the XMLport Field Element and its structure.
